bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic add_customer_address
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic add_favourite
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic add_new_dish
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic add_order
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic delete_dish
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_all_dishes
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_all_restaurants
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_customer_addresses
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_customer_profile
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_favourites
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_ordered_dishes
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_orders
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_order_status
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic get_restaurant_profile
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic login
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic signup
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic update_customer_address
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic update_customer_profile
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic update_order_status
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic update_restaurant_address
bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --create --topic update_restaurant_profile